terraform-version: add page (#22555)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/terraform-version.md

> # terraform version
> 
> > Display the Terraform CLI version along with the platform and installed provider versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# terraform version

> Display the Terraform CLI version, platform information, and installed provider versions.
```

Reviewer 2: @yokesh-kumar-M
